StreamDemoNotes.md, before:

## Akka Stream ScalaJS Release Notes 
### Build
 ```
    git clone https://github.com/reactive-streams/reactive-streams-scalajs.git
    cd reactive-streams-scalajs
    git checkout version-1
    sbt publishLocal
    cd ..
    git clone https://github.com/solomono/akka.js.git
    cd akka.js
    git submodule init
    git submodule update
    sbt akkaActorJSIrPatches/publishLocal
    sbt akkaJsActorJS/publishLocal 
    sbt akkaJsActorStreamJS/publishLocal 
    cd akka-stream-demo
    sbt demoJVM/run
    sbt demoJS/run```

## Changes
The following describes the changes required for the initial 
Scala.js support for Akka Streams 

## akka.js
 1. plugin.sbt Added akkaJsActorStream
	Note I basically copied the akkaJsStream project expression and changed the minimum
## AkkaJSActor 
2. Mailboxes, Mailbox
	 ActorSubscriber in akkaJsActorStream
	requires AbstractActor 
	requires Mailboxes with stackCapacity  
	requires Stash 
	requires Mailbox with DequeBasedMessageQueueSemantics
 3. Done, NotUsed, ByteIterator, ByteString, TokenBucket copied to shared to satisfy various classes in akkaJsActorStream
4. Functions and Tuples
	Generated by sbt boilerplate. Copied generator code, was not  successful in using boilerplate plugin, must fix

## AkkaJSStream
1. ActorMaterializer.scala Hanging in the without this 
   In method 
Changed FlowNames(system).name.copy(namePrefix))
to SeqActorName(namePrefix)). 
3. ActorMaterializerImpl.scala
	1. In the method materializeAtomic removed the case for TLS Module 
	2. In the actorOf in the case for RepointableActorRef if the actorCell is not started call point
3. Attributes 
	1. Removed the Java API  getAttribute calls and reimplemented where the Scala calls were dependent
	2. Implemented URLEncoder to ScalaJS URIUtils.encodeURI(n)
3. FramingTruncation AsPublisher
	1. Java enums. Converted to Scala naively.  
4. GraphInterpreter
	1. scala.concurrent.forkjoin.ThreadLocalRandom
 to java.util.concurrent.ThreadLocalRandom
5. Generated by sbt boilerplate
	1. FanInShape
	2. FanOutShape
	3. GraphApply
	4. UnzipWithApply
	5. ZipWithApply
	6. GraphCreate
	7. UnzipWith
	8. ZipWith

Commit message:

Modified the registterExtension method to reflect the single threaded environment in Javascript. Removed the use of CountdownLatch and ConcurrentHashMap This resolves an issue hanging in the call to with Source.actorRef  as wel as the call to FlowNames(system).name.copy(namePrefix)) in ActorMaterializer.apply Also fixed the issue with the mapAsync combinator not working with ActorRef.tell

StreamDemoNotes.md, after:

## Akka Stream ScalaJS Release Notes 
### Build
 ```
    git clone https://github.com/reactive-streams/reactive-streams-scalajs.git
    cd reactive-streams-scalajs
    git checkout version-1
    sbt publishLocal
    cd ..
    git clone https://github.com/solomono/akka.js.git
    cd akka.js
    git submodule init
    git submodule update
    sbt akkaActorJSIrPatches/publishLocal
    sbt akkaJsActorJS/publishLocal 
    sbt akkaJsActorStreamJS/publishLocal 
    cd akka-stream-demo
    sbt demoJVM/run
    sbt demoJS/run```

## Changes
The following describes the changes required for the initial 
Scala.js support for Akka Streams 

## akka.js
 1. plugin.sbt Added akkaJsActorStream
	Note I basically copied the akkaJsStream project expression and changed the minimum
## AkkaJSActor 
2. Mailboxes, Mailbox
	 ActorSubscriber in akkaJsActorStream
	requires AbstractActor 
	requires Mailboxes with stackCapacity  
	requires Stash 
	requires Mailbox with DequeBasedMessageQueueSemantics
 3. Done, NotUsed, ByteIterator, ByteString, TokenBucket copied to shared to satisfy various classes in akkaJsActorStream
4. Functions and Tuples
	Generated by sbt boilerplate. Copied generator code, was not  successful in using boilerplate plugin, must fix

## AkkaJSStream
1. ActorSystem 
    1. Modified the registterExtension method to reflect the single threaded environment in Javascript. Removed the use of CountdownLatch and ConcurrentHashMap
       This resolves an issue hanging in the call to with Source.actorRef  as wel as the call to FlowNames(system).name.copy(namePrefix)) in ActorMaterializer.apply
2. ActorMaterializerImpl.scala
	1. In the method materializeAtomic removed the case for TLS Module 
	2. In the actorOf in the case for RepointableActorRef if the actorCell is not started call point
3. Attributes 
	1. Removed the Java API  getAttribute calls and reimplemented where the Scala calls were dependent
	2. Implemented URLEncoder to ScalaJS URIUtils.encodeURI(n)
4. FramingTruncation AsPublisher
	1. Java enums. Converted to Scala naively.  
5. GraphInterpreter
	1. scala.concurrent.forkjoin.ThreadLocalRandom
 to java.util.concurrent.ThreadLocalRandom
6. Generated by sbt boilerplate
	1. FanInShape
	2. FanOutShape
	3. GraphApply
	4. UnzipWithApply
	5. ZipWithApply
	6. GraphCreate
	7. UnzipWith
	8. ZipWith
